can you hear me can you hear me no you
can't hi Oh for tools i recommend that
you use the screw / torque driver set
i'm talking look at this mac it's
beautiful see how streamlined it looks
mmm now we want to remove the ramp late
user number 2 by one-half or doesn't
matter just something that fits as you
can see we've exposed the front here or
bottom rather and now we're going to
remove four screws using the t9 by one
and a half take your time one we careful
with this bottom plate now the bottom
play want to push the RAM tabs in before
lift this is very crucial once we lift
it we want to take your time look it
over make sure everything's nice and
zoom out now you can see that we want to
remove the LCD covers this is a crucial
step the top right corner and top left
corner obviously we want to flip that
little tab once we do that then with the
flathead driver of course once we do
that it comes off like so and only an
idiot could screw this up really it's
pretty simple then there you go see how
that looks up I set the wires I don't
know what that means but right here you
want to wiggle these round see through
secure pull on this yellow thing there
and the Dancy look just pops right off
and here you want to be a little careful
you got it uh removed back wrap now you
want to use a razor blade because and
this happens like this pretty quick
actually
you need a screwdriver for this LCD
screws you want to remove the LCD wires
peel back the plate very carefully and
slowly now you want to remove the LCD
cable number one using a tea sick I
think I think it's a Philips whatever
just experiment find what fits in the
hole pull that off then you got this
thing here this white thing you want and
screw there's one screw on it's pretty
simple you lift it it's a speaker lift
the speaker using a flathead screwdriver
remove the LCD cable number two pretty
simple just pops right out there or you
can use your hands yep cheap simple
don't worry about anything is you're not
gonna fry anything no internal hard
drive now this is this is the tricky
part heatsink and Driver wider removal
this is this is crucial you want to
finger nail under there and pop it off
like that I use this screwdriver to
point HD cable it's pretty simple pops
off like so so does this one and then
then lift this wire pull it out of the
way because it gets in the way just
clamp here oh there you go example HD
clamp using eight HD clamp original hard
drive you want to put it in this bag if
you got tin foil it'll work uh thank you
enjoy